feat(pie-icons-configs): DSW-899 remove dependency on css size classes for regular icon sizes (#532)
justeattakeaway/pie: packages/tools/pie-icons-vue/README.md

<icon-alert-triangle-large iconSize="40" />
```

### Styles

> Vue icons package doesn't provide css styles. Css classes `c-pieIcon c-pieIcon--{iconName}` are available for consuming applications to add styles needed for the their project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Vue icons package doesn't provide CSS styles. CSS classes `c-pieIcon c-pieIcon--{iconName}` are available for consuming applications to add the styles they require.
```
